## Keys Lifecycle - v0.1

The list of secret keys managed by a single instance of the `PubkyDataEncryptor` is the following:
- the `pubky_root_seckey`
- the `holder_skey`
- the `local_ephemeral_seckey`

### The `pubky_root_seckey`

This secret key is held by the `PubkyNoiseConfig` structure as part of the pubky root keypair.

Currently, this secret key is unused. It is destined to encrypt `PubkyNoiseSessionState` snapshot
on storage external from a `PubkyDataEncryptor` instance.

The memory allocation of the pubky root secret key is shared for all the `PubkyNoiseConfig`
references given to `PubkyDataEncryptor` instances. When the last reference to the memory
allocation is destroyed, the pubky root secret key should be destroyed (dependent on the
`global_allocator` linked).

The deletion of the pubky root secret key bytes is ultimately dependent of the memory
management implemented by the hosting plateform.

### The `holder_skey`

This secret key is held by the `DataLinkContext` structure as part of the noise local state.

This secret is used as the static key within the context of a Noise handshake, for the
Noise patterns requiring the presence of a static secret key (e.g XX).

A data buffer containinfg the holder secret key bytes is given at the creation of each
`PubkyDataEncryptor`. A copy of the buffer is given to the `DataLinkContext` and the
buffer is zeroed out to wipe the secret bytes.

When the encryptor Noise session is cleanup, the copy of the holder static secret key
contained in the `DataLinkContext` is explicitly zeroed out.

The deletion of the holder static secret key bytes is ultimately dependent of the memory
management implemented by the hosting plateform.

### The `local_ephemeral_seckey`

This secret key is held by the `DataLinkContext` structure as part of the noise local state.

This secret is used as the ephemeral key witin the context of a Noise handshake, for the
Noise patterns requiring the presence of an ephemeral secret key (e.g N).

The ephemeral key is generated by the `ReplayResolver` from an ephemeral seed.

When the encryptor Noise session is cleanup, the copy of the holder ephemeral secret key
contained in the `DataLinkContext`is explicitly zeroed out.

The deletion of the ephemeral secret key bytes is ultimately dependent of the memory
management implemented by the hosting plateform.


